When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

- If for no other reason, it is a good backup to whatever is on your local
machine. Also, if your local master is not 'production ready' and you're trying
to share your software with others via github, it would make sense to have the
remote be the most recent stable version.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

- If commits are pushed to the remote by another person working on the same
project, your project may be updated in ways that would break it.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you
use one instead of another?

- A clone is a copy of another repository (usually on your local machine), a
fork is a special type of clone made from one github account to another, it
preserves its parent directory. A branch a specific history of commits in a
project.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

- That way you can work on it offline without having to commit to merging
with it.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

- I think I might collaborate without using github if I had a single fellow
collaborator and we were going to pair program - or somehow work in a way
where we weren't going to have to merge a lot of ideas. Merging is made
way easier by github, but the price you pay is a more lengthy version control
process. However, if there were a lot of programmers working on a single
project, and especially if they were working simultaneously on different
aspects of that project, it would make the most sense to use github.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly
in master? What benefits does each approach have?

- You want to use a branch whenever you're experimenting with a concept where
there may be more than one way forward with the project. The branching
mechanism is helpful because it allows us to play with different versions of
things, all of which may end up begin useful and mergeable.
